Adding Annotations info + chainctl 'save-as' info (#2688)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-images/overview.md

This verifies that the Ruby Chainguard Container is built for both AMD64 and ARM64 architectures.

You can read more about our support of ARM64 in our blog on [Building Wolfi from the ground up](https://www.chainguard.dev/unchained/building-wolfi-from-the-ground-up-and-announcing-arm64-support?utm=docs).

> ## Annotations

Reviewer: I'd be tempted to call this `Annotations & Labels` as it applies to both and as noted below, they are distinct things with the same values.

Chainguard Containers follow the [Open Container Initiative (OCI) Image Specification](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/annotations.md) for annotations. Chainguard sets the following standard OCI annotations on its container images:

* `org.opencontainers.image.authors`: Contact details for the Chainguard Container's author (typically `Chainguard Team https://www.chainguard.dev/`)
* `org.opencontainers.image.url`: URL to the container image's Overview page in the Chainguard Directory (for example, `https://images.chainguard.dev/directory/image/nginx/overview`)
* `org.opencontainers.image.source`: URL to the source code used to build the image in the Chainguard images repository
* `org.opencontainers.image.base.digest`: The SHA256 digest of the base image used to build this container image
* `org.opencontainers.image.vendor`: The distributing organization, always set to `Chainguard`
* `org.opencontainers.image.created`: Timestamp indicating when the image was built; specifically, this annotation is calculated from the build time of the most recently built package within the container image

> In addition to the standard OCI annotations, Chainguard sets custom annotations (which begin with `dev.chainguard` instead of `org.opencontainers`) that provide additional context about the container image. However, the `dev.chainguard` labels are an internal implementation detail that support Chainguard platform features. They are not set universally across all Chainguard Containers and can change from time to time. 

Reviewer: We do have a number of existing customers who are relying on `dev.chainguard.package.main` in their dashboards and I think we would consider it a breaking change at this point to change it in such a way that it would break customers. So, I wouldn't want to give that impression.

As far as I can tell, it is included in all of our images that were built since it was introduced.

Rather, I think we should be more specific about its limitations:

```suggestion
In addition to the standard OCI annotations, Chainguard sets custom annotations (which begin with `dev.chainguard` instead of `org.opencontainers`) that provide additional context about the container image:
* `dev.chainguard.package.main`: The name of the primary package in the image. This may change between different versions of an image. In some situations, it may also be empty.
```
